NUWANGA WIJAMUNI — GITHUB PROFILE

1. Open https://github.com/Nuwanga-Wijamuni/Nuwanga-Wijamuni
2. Upload README.md and the entire assets folder to the repository root.
   Keep the folder name and image filenames unchanged.
3. Commit the changes and visit https://github.com/Nuwanga-Wijamuni

The README is the profile content. SETUP.txt, ASSET-SOURCES.txt, and
PREVIEW.html are supporting files and do not need to be uploaded to GitHub.

Open PREVIEW.html locally to inspect the design before uploading. It is a
GitHub-style preview; GitHub controls the final typography and table rendering.

The profile repository must be public and have the same name as your username.
Official instructions:
https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/how-tos/profile-customization/managing-your-profile-readme

DESIGN NOTES
- Charcoal, silver, and green visual identity with a custom SVG banner.
- All images are included locally; there are no external image widgets.
- Project and career descriptions are based on the supplied CV and verified
  public repository documentation.
- LinkedIn uses the complete address from the supplied CV.
- NVIDIA Agentic AI is described as completed training, not a certification.
- DGX Spark is described as research, not owned or deployed hardware.
- Dates and credentials reflect the supplied CV as of October 2026. The visual
  direction is inspired by the requested 2027 aesthetic.

DESIGN UPDATE
The updated version adds navigation tabs, three focus cards, technology icons,
a contribution calendar, a recent-commit timeline, a Git branch diagram,
and a matching footer.

ACTIVITY GRAPHICS
The images are dated snapshots from GitHub, not live counters. The contribution
calendar includes qualifying contribution types, not only commits. The recent
commit panel uses GitHub's indexed public commit search. Private commit details
are not included. The branch workflow is an illustrative example.

To refresh the GitHub activity graphics, open Terminal in this extracted folder
and run:

    python3 tools/update_activity.py

Then upload the updated files in assets/ to your profile repository. This command
requires internet access. No credentials or extra Python packages are required.
GitHub's unauthenticated API rate limits apply. This does not schedule any job
or automatically publish changes to GitHub.

NATIVE DIAGRAM
The README also contains an expandable Mermaid version. GitHub renders it;
the local HTML preview shows its source code. The full static SVG diagram
above it works in both places. An editable copy is in diagrams/branch-workflow.mmd.

The tools/ and diagrams/ folders are optional uploads.
